
I used to believe that the Luogu Management Team, but some recent things have gradually changed my opinion. 

Make a long story short. Due to the ignorance of the rules, gk4000plus [posted a post](https://lglg.top/658726) asking translation during the contest, and was sentenced to a one-year ban on posting posts and sending benben(?). We can find that the reason why gk4000plus be banned is that *Cheating in Contest*. 

Leaving aside the discussion of the correctness of this thing (actually, there were already [some people arguing](https://www.luogu.com.cn/discuss/659513) last night), only from the fact that the manager banned gk4000plus, I don't think it's a proper thing to do. 

On the one hand, it can be seen that many users are not aware of this rule from the shock of many users. On the other hand, we couldn't find anyone else who was banned from asking for translation during the contest, even though many blog posts asking for translation have not yet been deleted. xht's response was that the manager did not see these posts. But that should not be a reason to simply ban the only one user. This will gradually make managers untrustworthy.

And at the same time, some users also had a huge impact on the argument, such as someone called MLE. He is anxious to point a knife at someone even without understanding the truth, and this is no exception. Hope we can pay attention to our comments to maintain a harmonious Luogu community environment.


You would find it silly to argue with me cause I won't write any comments below this post. 